Hello friends, welcome to the site.
Today we are going to talk about
how to use the ICC health card,
how to buy its policy, what is its
process, what are the benefits of buying it,
how can we get treatment for it.
Many questions arise
in the minds of ICC customers
before buying a health policy. So,
we are going to discuss all this in today's video. So,
please watch the video till the end. If
you are new to the channel, then subscribe to the channel and
like the video. So let's
start the video.
[Music] The first thing that
comes to our mind is
why should we buy a health policy of ICC Lombard. The
most important reason for buying it is that
any health policy that we
buy, it protests our family.
It protests us in health related issues.
Plus, the
financial burden that we have to bear
if we do policy treatment, then
we should not have to bear it in the future. Therefore, we
should buy a good health policy
for our family which will benefit us in the future.
While buying ICC Lombard's help, we have to press many buttons.
I am going to tell you some of the things that we have to keep in mind in this video. The
first thing that is most important is that first of all
we should go to our nearest hospital, which is a
hospital near us, where we
regularly go for treatment or for
someone's health, whether that
hospital is in our panel or not,
if it is in our panel then we should
choose that policy in ICC Lombard
Plus, after that what happens is that if there
is a hospital near you in the panel in
which you are getting treatment, then the
second thing that comes to our mind is that
we should do a very good plan,
what will happen in it is that
you should buy the plan which is within your budget at this time, if you go
according to your budget then it will be more
profitable, if the plan is
according to your budget then the facilities will keep getting added to it accordingly,
when we purchase any health policy then
its minimum waiting period is of one
month, but there is no
waiting period in the corporate policy, so in the
individual policy, there is a one
month waiting period,
which means one month
After that you can avail the health policy, you
can use it and do your treatment after waiting for a month,
but it is not like this in corporate.
In corporate policy, you
can avail it from the beginning itself.
I have made a separate video regarding corporate and individual policy. If you have
any doubt regarding this, then
you must watch the video. The third
point is regarding the terms of the health policy.
We should read the terms of the health policy in the beginning itself so
that we do not face any problem during treatment in future.
Helps means that its guidelines are
very important to read
because minor things are written in it like
after how much time you can do surgery. The
five points are that
when we purchase the health policy,
what happens in it is that we get two types of treatment,
one is cashless, we get it in
empanelled hospitals and the
investment is available to us
in hospitals which are not empanelled, it is
of the insurance company,
so let us assume that some emergency has happened.
Regarding G Hospital,
we had taken our health
insurance after seeing G Hospital, if instead of getting treatment in that hospital, we have to get
treatment in some other hospital, then what happens in that condition,
if that hospital
is not in the panel, then we have to make payment on time
and take the bill from there,
whatever payment we make, we will take its bill,
its receipt etc., then a claim
form comes for it, we will reverse it by filling that claim form
and if we go to these panel hospitals
which are in the panel of the
insurance company, then we will
automatically get cashless treatment in it, so
today I have explained to you the things that are in ICC Lombard regarding treatment and health card, still if you have any question, then
definitely write in the comment section, apply the video,
subscribe to the channel, so we will meet
in the next video, till then hello